---
title: "Week 24 34"
date: "24 May 2026"
tags: "Life"
publishRss: false
---

Yo! 🙋
So my washing machine went bad again, and I had to call the mechanic. He is such a nice guy. I don't know if every Whirlpool mechanic is like this, but he doesn't wait for me to create a ticket and things. I just texted him on WhatsApp that this thing is broken again, and he just came and showed up the next day and fixed it. Even I asked him if he wanted any money, but he said it comes under warranty, so genuinely I didn't expect that.

I went to Hard Rock Cafe. I've been seeing that since I was in Bangalore and never got a chance to go there, so today I went. To be honest, I don't know, maybe I had a messed-up day, because it was so depressing. It is supposed to be a man cave kind of vibe, but it was depressing, swimming in dead people's items.

Then I went to my uncle's place and met the cousins. They go to swimming classes, so two or three days when I was there, I picked them up and dropped them off. I waited for one hour, looking at the kids jumping around, and some new kids crying and being frightened of water. It was a fun hour I had for three days. Then I took them to Loco Bear, the trampoline park. We all had fun, even I went and had some fun. It was my first time going to a trampoline park, and it was good. There are some things I thought I was too old for and couldn't physically do, but I was able to do them. I am still fit, as they always say, "You are children until you start producing."
